totally trying to sign our powers yeah
you guys should try your powers like
together on that
my gosh that's so cool but what did you
just sources boiling water so mine has
to have something to do with moving it
yeah you're Tama must be moving water
see cuz every time you go like this it
moves it around and you could probably
like take water and like move it up in
the air and put it in something that'd
be so awesome gosh I can't believe we
finally figured out my powers know right
I know right but we need to figure out
my powers yeah you have something do
with water because all bars are related
to water I totally agree let's go Jack
let's go walk out
she's kind of like I turned it into ice
what is this the water turn in your ice
I know it's so weird well then I could
pull you in this you can move it and
then you get your the dice again okay
let's try to it's awesome I know right
it's so cool but you can call the same
time you have to remember that her power
is hot in your flower is cold and yours
is gel so it tastes a sign at the same
time
well no it's oh yeah
why don't you try freezing the day
Marcello's amazing there's even ice
cubes too yeah it's so cool how can you
pull prints on people Thanks and
remember we have to keep our slide no
I'm just like one thing they all leave
I'll do probably like freeze their words
but just be careful because they could
find out anytime yeah I know yeah okay
well you have to walk through
I'll see you next weekend and we'll
probably go swimming
yeah because yeah hi by feein next time
shown to you Eleanor and Jessica
somebody else